so when you're at home can you like can
you run down to the kitchen and your
underpants in the middle of the night if
you're hungry I mean I could I I don't
you don't is there someone in the
kitchen at all times like if you wanted
a sandwich in the night would you have
to wake someone up yeah yeah I wouldn't
wake somebody up to have a sandwich
you're allowed to go in the refrigerator
on your own there's a refrigerator and
and there's silverware what was the last
time you you actually cooked now it's
been a while since I I won't lie about
that you ever drive I cannot drive I
mean I actually have a birth certificate
Kenya we drive on the other side
actually the last time I drove a former
staffer came by and he comes through the
the South lung and he's got one of these
new electric cars at the time they were
new yeah and and he was very excited
about it I said well yeah let's try it
out so I not just grabbed his keys and
we just go out it's parked right in
front and I start circling the South
Lawn and the Secret Service there no
matter what you do do not let him out
they were pretty upset people they call
you renegade right yeah yeah because
you're moving around an electric car
stopping speeds of 30 miles an hour if
you have to go to the dentist does do
you go to the dentist I'll be the zetas
that comes to me and this comes to you
do you have the chair the tools in your
everything is all there something is
there in the basement I didn't know I
showed up I said you know I think you
know I've got a cap that's looser
here we are do you reset the clocks
would daylight saving time somebody else
does that for somebody does that for you
will you get rid of daylight saving time
get rid of the part where we have to
wake up earlier you can leave the other
one see this is a California thing
because you guys are always getting some
yeah in these coasts you don't mind
losing that hour because that's a signal
that spring is here we only care about
ourselves hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel are you
sad that the video is over will
subscribe to our YouTube channel and you
will never be sad again ever
[Music]